Are you kidding me?
Mr. Su doesn't have time to joke
Sign it and the 5 million is yours
From now on, don't appear in front of Mr. Su
Give me an explanation.
Come this far
Does the explanation still make sense?
Can you stand up?
Ok you depressed
So you are Zhuang Qu
Bodasu always loses you, you are still a man
shut up
Do you know what it means for him to stand up?
Give me an explanation
I fell in love with another man
I can't hold anyone else in my heart except him
Including who he is
Guarding the country alone
Yidian Zhenjiang God
Great Xia Dragon Lord
Master Su Lin, do you know what you are talking about?
I know I'm not good enough for him now
But I just love him hopelessly
I can't stand anyone else but him
Daxia Dragon Lord is disturbed by ten thousand people
Not to mention the secret that he saved President Su
Live in the Su family and be promoted to the position of a noble family
And you Xiao Chen
It's just a wimp who sticks to Mr. Su
So I accompanied you for three years
Tell you now
You are in love with someone you have known for three days
Don't you understand?
I never needed company
You can't give me what I want
For three years, I gave you everything I could
Even the dragon feast tonight
I also founded it for you
You say I can't give you what you want
I really put gold on my face
Just you.
I'm afraid I'm not even qualified to participate in the Life Dragon Banquet
The raw dragon feast smells like me
Why participate
Reported Xiao Chen
The way you look now only makes me more disgusted
You go to great lengths to pretend to be a group and stalk me
Don't you just want money?
Cary 5 million
That adds up to 10 million
So you dare to be satisfied?